doc: update issues.md (gendermag) (#27807)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/contributing/issues.md

3. By helping to resolve the issue: Typically this is done either in the form
   of demonstrating that the issue reported is not a problem after all, or more
   often, by opening a Pull Request that changes some bit of something in

>    `nodejs/node` in a concrete and reviewable manner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `nodejs/node` in a concrete and reviewable manner.
```

> New contributors may find the tagging system useful, especially the "good first issue" tag. A collection of the issues identified as good first issues can be found here: "https://github.com/nodejs/node/contribute".

Reviewer 2: nit: needs to be line wrapped at <= 80 chars. Here and below

Reviewer: GitHub calls them _labels_, not _tags_. Our docs should stick to that terminology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New contributors may find the the
["good first issue" label]( https://github.com/nodejs/node/contribute) useful.
```

> When submitting, please also remember to submit your pull requests properly by following the directions here: https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/doc/guides/contributing/pull-requests.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When preparing a pull request, follow
[the pull request guide for this repository](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/doc/guides/contributing/pull-requests.md).
```

Reviewer 3: Nit: the reference could also be moved to the end of the document. That way it's easy to reuse it throughout the document.
